---
title: Quitting my job for a more fulfilling future…
date: 2013-09-27 10:25 PDT
tags: Inspirational, Phin
---

After I graduated from the University of Pittsburgh in the spring of 2009 with a degree in marketing I found it very difficult to find a job. I moved back to New York City and in with my parents which I referred to as my roommates whenever someone would ask if I lived with anyone. They were my roommates, they just happened to be married and also my parents.

After two years of doing odd jobs I would get from temp agencies I was placed at a real estate management company working as a leasing agent. I began to notice how much money brokers were making renting one of our apartments to their clients compared to what I made a week. If they rented one of the cheapest apartments on our property they would make more than I made in a month. It was then I decided I would become a broker.

I went to the New York Real Estate Institute in New York and took the required 40 hours of class time and passed the test and I was on my way to become a broker. I passed my broker’s test and was on my way to be on the show Million Dollar Listings… Little did I know that I wouldn’t be getting a salary and that everything I made was completely reliant on my sales skills. At first I really liked what I did even though I wasn’t making that much money. I was outside for a good portion of the day, I was meeting new people and I was making more money than I was working at the management company.

I was also getting screwed left and right by other brokers or clients, I was massaging the truth to clients to persuade them into renting the apartment from me and I was living not making money in the “slow months.” Fast forward two years in the industry and I hate my job, I am barely making enough money to survive in New York and I am still relying on my “roommates” for help getting by.

It was then when a friend of mine sent me a youtube video made by Mark Zuckerberg and Bill Gates about learning how to code : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gjc6UX-BFks . So I started coding through the code academy and other online learning sites and I realized that I really liked it. After working on these sites and getting extremely frustrated when I couldn’t figure something out I started to look for schools that could help me in my journey to become a software developer.

I saw these schools that said they could teach you how to program in 10 weeks. It was then when I decided that I would quit my job and go back to school to learn how to program. I applied to a couple programs in New York and one in Boston. After submitting my applications I played the waiting game and it was just as stressful as college admissions. After being accepted into one of the schools in New York and one in Boston I took a look at each of the programs more intensely and decided that I would be moving to Boston and attending the Launch Academy . It is a 10 week bootcamp that transforms regular people with a passion for programming into software developers.

After 2 weeks at the Launch Academy I could not be happier with my decision. I am excited to come in every day and learn something new or build something new. I will write more about the Launch Academy and things we are doing during it, but that is it for now. I am going to need material for future posts…